add content for issue 994 (#1008)
heptio/ark: docs/gcp-config.md

    * Replace `<YOUR_STORAGE_CLASS_NAME>` with `standard`. This is GCP's default `StorageClass` name.

> * (Optional, use only if you need to specify multiple volume snapshot locations) In `examples/aws/10-deployment.yaml` (or `examples/aws/10-deployment-kube2iam.yaml`, as appropriate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Optional, use only if you need to specify multiple volume snapshot locations) In `examples/gcp/10-deployment.yaml`:
```
